# Wizard App Documentation 

## Overview

The Wizard App is a tool designed for Wizard of Oz studies. The Wizard App provides an interface for the Wizard to control when the voice assistant will pause and process the transcription. Then, request generated responses from the backend, and manage the communication flow between the backend assistant and the client application 

## Components 

1. Generate Response Button 
- When clicked, the voice assistnat will be paused. this allows the Wizard to control when the assistnat listens and responds to user inputs. 

## WebSockets 

The Wizard App and the client application are connected via web sockets. Web sockets (in this case) allow realtime communication between the two clients.

## Workflow
1. Pause Voice Assistant
The Wizard clicks the "Generate Response" button in the Wizard App interface.
This action sends a WebSocket message to the client application to pause the voice assistant.
2. Request Generated Response
The client application sends the audio recording to the Express server via WebSocket.
The Express server transcribes the audio recording using Whisper.
The transcription file generated by Whisper is then sent to another API endpoint that leverages a configured AI assistant to generate a response.
3. Send Generated Response
The generated response is sent back to the Wizard App via WebSocket.
The Wizard reviews the generated response and has the option to regenerate it or send it.
If the Wizard decides to send the generated response to the user, it is communicated back through WebSockets to the client application, which then delivers the response to the user.